[Kei] What's this? A blindfold?
[Sato] Hatred of humans.
In order to teach him all of those things,
we turned him over to the humans.
[Kei] Why is this happening to me?
But when you get right to it,
you still want them to help you.
You're the worst kind of trash.
That's right. Kill.
Release your true self!
[guard] There's an intruder.
The man in the hat has gotten inside.
[Tosaki] Did he come to rescue Nagai
after leaving him behind?
[Ogura] Man, why all the commotion?
Even though the great Ikuya Ogura is here.
Well then, Nagai,
how have you been handling things?
[Kei sobbing]
Mr. Sato...
I'm so sorry to have caused such trouble.
[Sato] Well, this was...
a failure.
[Kei sniffles]
Well, then, let's go.
We can't stay here too long.
Ah, right
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say
The night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage
To hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold
Your breath? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say it's tough now ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life ♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run a way
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪ The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
I'M GONNA KILL YOU TOO
-Does this bother you?
-Huh?
Not really. It must have been their job
to protect this place,
and they're dead anyway.
-Hmm. Yeah, that's right.
-More importantly,
I really want to get out of this place,
so... if you'd be so kind.
Then let's hurry.
[Sato] This kid... I remember now that
something felt off when I first met him.
He said he was worried about his sister,
but somehow didn't really sound sincere.
Apart from being an Ajin,
he was strange from the start.
I figured he'd turned out a failure,
but I think I'll keep an eye on him
a little longer.
[thudding]
Don't shoot.
We're not guards.
[sighs]
Let's get going--
[doctors gasping]
Uh, you're-- You're killing them?
Mm-hm.
Just to make sure.
[whimpers]
[grunting]
Nagai?
It's just-- I mean that, I know
you rescued me, so it's hard to say this,
but they're not fighting back.
So, you don't need to kill them.
They could be hiding tranquilizer guns.
[both grunting]
Well, then how about just blinding them
or cutting off their arms instead?
[Sato] Nagai, you really are...
[Kei gasping]
a failure.
[gunshots]
[grunting]
[stuttering] You shot me.
Uh, I'm sorry.
It was just-- I mean--
[grunts]
Nagai...
I'm going to... kill you, too.
[groans]
IBMs are solid matter.
[Kouma] Then why can't we see them?
Well, can you see this?
-[Kouma] Huh?
-It's lesson time.
Light comes from its source
and reflects off solid objects,
and when it reaches our eyes,
that's how people see.
So, then why is glass transparent?
That's because glass is a solid material
that allows light to pass through it.
In fact, most glass
is 80 to 90 percent transparent.
IBMs are composed entirely of an unknown
substance that's 100 percent transparent.
[Kishi] Don't take him too seriously,
Colonel Kouma.
This guy was always coming up
with crazy theories,
so no one ever took him seriously.
In Japan, anyway.
[Kishi] Are you really that happy to get
credit in such a crude country, Ikuya?
It's that inherent stubbornness of yours
that's keeping you from moving on
to the next stage, Dr. Kishi.
[Izumi] They're not coming out.
The equipment room
is out of camera range, Mr. Tosaki.
Do you think...? Should I...?
Are you sure
I shouldn't be fighting right now?
Yes, of course I'm sure.
If they manage to get in here,
who do you think has to protect me?
You stay right here.
Don't even think about going anywhere.
Right.
Where are you hiding?
[all panting]
[Kei] I don't have any weapons.
And I don't know the way out.
How can I escape?
I never thought
I'd be hiding alongside an Ajin.
Cut it out. He protected us.
You crazy? Think about it,
he's the one who brought that guy here.
How many people you think died
because of him?
Actually, I wasn't the one
who killed them, you know.
Besides, if you're gonna bring that up...
I haven't exactly forgotten
what you've done to me either.
I swear I'll get you back on that table.
Not that. Don't even say that to me.
Honestly, I would rather die
than to ever go back there again.
I guess it's a question of give and take.
I'll act as the decoy
and help you two out.
Then you can show me the safest way
to make it out of this place.
Are you sure? You'd be a decoy?
I can't die.
-That's not true. You--
-Shut up. He's willing to help us.
[Sato] Nagai, have you heard?
[all gasp]
You're probably feeling somewhat secure
in the belief you can't die.
When I said I'd kill you,
it wasn't just a figure of speech.
Ajins can die.
-Ugh. Now he's done it
-Huh?
[Sato]
It depends on how you define death, but...
when Ajins die, pieces of their body that
have been severed join back together...
with the largest piece
that still remains intact.
But if they're too far,
they're just remade.
What if it's your head?
Hmm. I promise you...
I am going to cut off your head.
Then I'll pick up that head,
and I will force you to watch...
until a new one is ultimately regenerated.
The question is, is the brain that remains
inside your head actually yours?
Here you are.
Get ready. It's over for you.
[gasps]
You're going to regret shooting me,
so much so that it kills you.
[gasps]
Nagai, Kei...
you don't have to help us.
-Huh?
-What?
I will, though.
I'll get you out.
That's what I should do...
I guess.
Huh?
Get the back of his neck, his spinal cord.
If I do it right, I can cut all the nerves
without killing him.
[gasps, then grunts]
[Sato laughing]
[both grunt]
[yells]
What are you doing?
We promised him!
Aiding and abetting his flight?
This one's all on you!
[groaning]
[Kei] I shouldn't have bothered.
Damn! Why is this happening to me?
What is--? What's that?
What is this? It's so big.
[gasps]
Huh?
[Kei IBM] If that happens...
I'll kill them.
[Sato] So, this is Nagai's.
Such a plain shape.
[Kei IBM]
How about just cutting off their arms?
[Sato grunts]
[Sato] It's true that the black ghosts
sometimes repeat words
or wander around without orders.
[grunts]
[yells]
[Sato]
But this one's way too independent.
[Kei IBM] Sorry to cause so much trouble.
[Kishi] Invisible people
made of an unknown substance?
And just what exactly does that have to do
with Ajins not dying?
[Ogura] Tell me this.
Why do people eat oranges?
Huh?
Serves you right.
Thanks to that thing I got away
[panting]
[Ogura] People are incapable
of generating vitamin C on their own.
So, they have to get it through fruits
and other sources.
The black ghost. [grunts]
So, Ajins can summon those.
[Ogura] Ajins who die of malnutrition
can even produce their own vitamins
when they regenerate.
Unh. What has that got to do
with not dying?
So, it has to be related to their ability
to generate an unknown substance.
[grunting]
[panting]
What is it?
I'm gonna hide out in this room.
Don't you realize that the killer
might be coming after us as well?
[gasping]
[breathing nervously]
All right. [gasps]
[metal grinding, then Kondo gasps]
[gasps] What?
[Sato IBM] Oh, you can see it?
Sometimes people can see these, when
there's a strong feeling directed at them.
Like the urge to kill, for example.
[whimpering]
Please, don't!
[Sato IBM] Sorry, that won't work.
To tell the truth, I rather enjoy killing.
[Kondo gasping]
[Kondo screaming]
[panting]
[Nomura] Nagai, over here!
Why are you still here?
The fire escape chute.
I had to show you how to use it.
[Kei] Oh, no, I won't need that.
Oh, right.
I wonder if I would die from this height.
But that's not the real reason
why I waited.
Huh?
Once we get down,
I can drive you somewhere in my car.
-Huh?
-I told myself it was just my job,
but we really did
such cruel things to you.
There's one more thing
I wanted to reassure you about.
Listen, you're still you.
We never once beheaded you
during the experiments,
and no brain cells were left
at the truck accident site either.
I just wanted you to know that.
How is it that you're able to worry
about others?
[Nomura] Hmm?
Can you actually understand
all their pain?
It's just I've never really worried
about anyone else before.
[Sato]
Nagai, you really are quite interesting.
Including that personality
your sister talked about.
[Araki]
What kind of person your brother is.
So, that's what those two asked you?
Yeah.
And so, what did you say?
My brother is...
a jerk.
[gunshot, then Kei grunts]
[Kei whimpers]
The wind's blowing hard.
[Nomura] Hide.
[both grunt]
[Araki] A jerk, huh?
Ha-ha-ha. That's uh--
He is.
My brother is actually very logical
and completely cold.
That's just...
what he's like.
[sighs]
[Kei] If he's dead,
I can't help him anymore.
So, that's the shortest way
But this body...
[gunshots]
[Kei grunting]
[grunts]
Hmm, too bad.
Out of bullets.
[grunting]
[Nomura coughs]
[coughing and gasping]
Wait, he's still alive?
This is the final stage, Nagai.
[grunting] Damn it!
[grunting]
Black ghost! Come out again!
Come out!
It came.
[Sato] It's raining, but-- Oh, well.
[Kei] It's aiming for the head?
Unh. Hey! You try for the head, too!
[Kei IBM] Damn it, why does he
have to be so sarcastic?
Huh?
Oh, well, it even ignores orders.
[Kei IBM] I was only hanging out with him
because the poor guy was all alone.
[Kei] That was so long ago.
Why is he saying that?
[Nomura] Nagai...
It's okay.
[grunts] Just... run.
No way.
[grunting]
[Nomura] Why are you doing this?
Because I've never cared about anyone.
I don't see the need.
It seems like a waste of time.
But I...
I wanna do this.
So, then, unh...
[grunting]
I'm gonna drop you from here.
No other way.
There. If you land on the bushes, you'll
have a much higher chance of surviving.
[newscaster on monitor]
Kei Nagai has come into view.
He appears to be trying to drop
a researcher or someone off the roof.
Is that a hostage?
[Futoi] What are you planning to do?
At this rate, he'll get away.
Mr. Tosaki.
[groans]
-Colonel Kouma.
-What is it?
The unit. The Anti-Ajin Special Forces.
You need to bring them in.
Don't be absurd!
The anti-Ajins were a temporary
provisional unit
formed when our response to a variant
failed.
Colonel Kouma, listen to me.
I have no intention of risking my forces
when we still haven't found
any countermeasures against variants--
-Today's the chance!
-What do you mean?
Why exactly didn't the Hat
use his IBM today?
Shouldn't that be the real question?
It's because he couldn't use it today.
I don't know the reason,
but it's likely the truth.
There's something different about today
than when he stole Tanaka.
-Wha--?
-We may not have another chance like this.
Colonel Kouma.
Okay, bend your knees.
Here you go. Unh.
[Nomura] Ugh. Wait.
Can you see that?
You mean?
Huh?
[Sato IBM] Now then,
how are you gonna fight like that?
[Kei IBM] You try for... the head, too
Huh?
[gasps]
[gasps] Was that Mr. Sato's?
[Sato] Part of Kei Nagai's memory
played back in my mind?
So, this is what happens
when they both lose their heads.
Nagai, go.
Do it.
[people shrieking and clamoring]
-[man] Did you see that?
-[reporter] He dropped him!
Okay, then, fine.
But only if your hypothesis is right.
You heard him.
What do you think, Dr. Ogura?
IBMs aren't as all-powerful
as you may think.
They have various weak points that-- Hmm?
[panting]
[Nomura] Can you see that, Nagai?
That river is for drainage.
When it's raining hard,
the sluice gates open to the sea.
It's risky, but you may be able to escape.
[panting]
Doctor, please avoid revealing
any crucial information about Ajins.
Uh, oh, yes, that's right.
In that case, no comment.
I get it.
[screaming]
[water splashes]
[newscaster]
Ah! Nagai dove into the river!
[Futoi] What's going on?
Let's go. The sample got away.
[grumbles]
[newscaster] Kei Nagai has just jumped
from the facility roof into the river.
After dropping someone
who appeared to be a researcher,
he threw himself into the water below.
The river is swollen with the rain
from the last few days.
-Big brother.
-This may make the search quite difficult.
TO BE CONTINUED
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again ♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪